This is netkit-telnet-0.10.

This package updates the telnet and telnetd from NetKit-0.09. NetKit
as a package no longer exists. To do a full update of NetKit-0.09
please consult NetKit.txt from your local ftp archive.

Contents:
	This package contains the programs telnet and telnetd.

	If you're reading this off a CD, go right away and check the
	net archives for later versions and security fixes.
	
Requirements: (I know these work; you can probably use much earlier 
versions of libc, gcc, or the kernel.)

	libc 5.4 or higher 
		Older libc versions will work but anything before 5.4.6 
		includes some nasty security bugs. All the NetKit programs 
		are believed immune to these, but the rest of your system 
		probably isn't... 

		Note: libc 5.0.x is not supported and won't work.
		Note: glibc (aka libc 6.x) may or may not work with
		this release.

	linux 2.0 or higher 
		Use of 1.2.x kernel versions is not recommended in general.
		NetKit itself will probably work with anything since 0.99pl14,
		although some hacking would probably be required.

	gcc 2.7.2 or higher
		Please get the strength-reduce fix if you don't have it.

	libncurses
		Some versions are reported to cause problems with telnetd,
		but I don't know which ones. Recent versions should be fine.

Please make sure your header files in /usr/include match your libc
version installed in /lib and /usr/lib. If you have weird problems
this is the most likely culprit.


Installation:
	Do "./configure", or edit MCONFIG to set the configuration options. 
	Do "make".
	Do "make install" as root to install everything. Save backup copies 
	  of important tools, or confirm the new ones work first. Etc. We 
	  warned you.
	You may wish to apply the enclosed pty-hang patch to the
	  kernel. I don't unfortunately know at the moment which
	  kernel versions it has or will be integrated into. The
	  following test will tell you if you need the patch: telnet
	  to localhost, do "cat >/dev/null", and type 256 characters
	  without any newlines. If you need the patch, telnetd will
	  hang completely at this point. If it refuses to accept more
	  input, but does not hang, you do not need the patch.

Security:
	This release contains no security fixes relative to the telnet
	and telnetd from NetKit-0.09. Versions of telnetd prior to
	NetKit-0.09 should not under any circumstances be used.

Bugs:
	If something doesn't compile for you, send diffs. If you can't
	send diffs, send the compiler's error output.

	If it compiles but doesn't work, send as complete a bug report as 
	you can. Patches and fixes are welcome, as long as you describe 
	adequately what they're supposed to fix. Please, one patch per
	distinct fix.

	Be sure to send all correspondence in e-mail. Postings to netnews 
	will not be seen due to the enormous volume.

	Please don't report known bugs (see the BUGS file(s)) unless you
	are including fixes. :-)


David A. Holland	dholland@hcs.harvard.edu
								8-Mar-1997
