This is netkit-ftp-0.10.

This package updates the ftp client from NetKit-0.09. NetKit as a
package no longer exists. To do a full update of NetKit-0.09 please
consult NetKit.txt from your local ftp archive.

Contents:
	This package contains the ftp client program, ftp.

	If you're reading this off a CD, go right away and check the
	net archives for later versions and security fixes.
	
Requirements: (I know these work; you can probably use much earlier 
versions of libc, gcc, or the kernel.)

	libc 5.4 or higher 
		Older libc versions will work but anything before 5.4.6 
		includes some nasty security bugs. All the NetKit programs 
		are believed immune to these, but the rest of your system 
		probably isn't... 

		Note: libc 5.0.x is not supported and won't work.
		Note: glibc (aka libc 6.x) may or may not work with
		this release.

	linux 2.0 or higher 
		Use of 1.2.x kernel versions is not recommended in general.
		NetKit itself will probably work with anything since 0.99pl14,
		although some hacking would probably be required.

	gcc 2.7.2 or higher
		Please get the strength-reduce fix if you don't have it.

	libncurses
		Any recent version should be fine.

	libreadline (GNU readline library) is optional but recommended.

Please make sure your header files in /usr/include match your libc
version installed in /lib and /usr/lib. If you have weird problems
this is the most likely culprit.

Installation:
	You may need to patch your readline library. See below.
	Do "./configure", or edit MCONFIG to set the configuration options. 
	Do "make".
	Do "make install" as root to install everything. Save backup copies 
	  of important tools, or confirm the new ones work first. Etc. We 
	  warned you.

Other notes:
	To compile ftp with readline support you'll need a copy of the
	readline library installed. If you don't have it, get
	readline-2.0 from prep.ai.mit.edu (or any GNU mirror). You'll
	need to apply the enclosed patch, or ftp will have problems with 
	^C handling.

Security:
	This release contains no security fixes relative to the ftp
	client from NetKit-0.09. Versions prior to NetKit-0.09 should
	not be used.

Bugs:
	If something doesn't compile for you, send diffs. If you can't
	send diffs, send the compiler's error output.

	If it compiles but doesn't work, send as complete a bug report as 
	you can. Patches and fixes are welcome, as long as you describe 
	adequately what they're supposed to fix. Please, one patch per
	distinct fix.

	Be sure to send all correspondence in e-mail. Postings to netnews 
	will not be seen due to the enormous volume.

	Please don't report known bugs (see the BUGS file(s)) unless you
	are including fixes. :-)


David A. Holland	dholland@hcs.harvard.edu
								8-Mar-1997
