This is netkit-rusers-0.16 for Linux.

This version updates netkit-rusers-0.11.

If you're reading this off a CD, go right away and check the net
archives for later versions and security fixes.

Contents:
	rup		Program to print LAN uptimes
	rusers		Program to print current LAN user logins
	rpc.rusersd	Daemon to return data for rwho/ruptime
	
Requires:
	Working compiler, libc, and kernel.

	Your rpcgen binary must be from netkit-base-0.10 or higher, or
	from glibc 2.x. Older rpcgens will croak on rup.

Security:
	This release contains no security fixes relative to
	netkit-rusers-0.11. However, netkit-rusers-0.10 and earlier
	are insecure and should not be used.

Installation:
	Do "./configure --help" and decide what options you want. The
	defaults should be suitable for most Linux systems. Then run
	the configure script.

	Do "make" to compile.
	Then (as root) do "make install".

	Save a backup copy of any mission-critical program in case the
	new one doesn't work, and so forth. We warned you.

	If you like, apply the rusers.x patch to rusers.x in
	/usr/include/rpcsvc. This patch was supposed to have been merged 
	into libc, but appears to not have been. It is not important,
	however - all it does is suppress compiler warnings.

DEC Alpha:
	This pakage uses rpc calls which the Compaq Compiler finds
	conflicts with (__P)
	You may get a message as follows from GNU C
	/usr/include/bits/string2.h:363: warning: pointer of type `void *'
	used in arithmetic
	This is a bug in the GNU C compiler's optimazation checking code
	you can safely ignore it

Bugs:
	Please make sure the header files in /usr/include match the
	libc version installed in /lib and /usr/lib. If you have weird
	problems this is the most likely culprit.

	Also, before reporting a bug, be sure you're working with the
	latest version.

	If something doesn't compile for you, fix it and send diffs.
	If you can't, send the compiler's error output.

	If it compiles but doesn't work, send as complete a bug report as 
	you can. Patches and fixes are welcome, as long as you describe 
	adequately what they're supposed to fix. Please, one patch per
	distinct fix. Please do NOT send the whole archive back or
	reindent the source.

	Be sure to send all correspondence in e-mail. Postings to netnews 
	will not be seen due to the enormous volume.

	Please don't report known bugs (see the BUGS file(s)) unless you
	are including fixes. :-)

	Mail should be sent to: netbug@ftp.uk.linux.org


Note: please see http://www.hcs.harvard.edu/~dholland/computers/netkit.html
if you are curious why it's been so long since the last NetKit release.
(The short version is that I gave things to some other people, who let
them kind of slide.)

I do not currently plan to continue maintaining NetKit; I am doing this
release and perhaps one or two more, and then I intend to give the source
tree to Red Hat or some similar organization for long-term maintenance.

David A. Holland
12 December 1999
