This is netkit-ntalk-0.16.

This package updates netkit-ntalk-0.11.

If you're reading this off a CD, go right away and check the net
archives for later versions and security fixes.

Contents:
	talk		Program for chatting with another user elsewhere.
	talkd		Daemon to help set up talk sessions.

Requires:
	Working compiler, libc, and kernel, and a recent ncurses.

Security:
	This release contains no security fixes relative to
	netkit-ntalk-0.11. There are no serious security problems in
	netkit-ntalk-0.10; however, we do not recommend running it.
	Versions prior to NetKit-0.09 should not be used under any
	circumstances.

Features:
	talk should now works correctly on multihomed machines (those
	with multiple IP addresses).

	talkd now contains code to hopefully detect and handle certain
	kinds of mangled talk packets that you may encounter. It also
	now has an option to log talk packets it doesn't understand;
	see the man page. Hopefully this will be useful if you run into
	interoperability problems.

Other notes:
	Use of the "wordwrap.patch" patch is neither recommended
	nor discouraged. Apply it at your discretion.

Installation:
	Do "./configure --help" and decide what options you want. The
	defaults should be suitable for most Linux systems. Then run
	the configure script.

	Do "make" to compile.
	Then (as root) do "make install".

	Save a backup copy of any mission-critical program in case the
	new one doesn't work, and so forth. We warned you.

DEC Alpha:
        Compaq were kind enought to make available their C compiler for
        the Alpha, you can down load this for free from
        http://www.unix.digital.com/linux (At time of document 25/11/1999)
        this package has been compiled and tested with this compiler as
        with the GNU compiler. To compile this from source simply issue
                CC=ccc ./configure
        Compaq C will moan in the following areas.
	One warning about an unused include file and two warnings about
	unreachable code (potential failure error messages)

Bugs:
	Please make sure the header files in /usr/include match the
	libc version installed in /lib and /usr/lib. If you have weird
	problems this is the most likely culprit.

	Also, before reporting a bug, be sure you're working with the
	latest version.

	If something doesn't compile for you, fix it and send diffs.
	If you can't, send the compiler's error output.

	If it compiles but doesn't work, send as complete a bug report as 
	you can. Patches and fixes are welcome, as long as you describe 
	adequately what they're supposed to fix. Please, one patch per
	distinct fix. Please do NOT send the whole archive back or
	reindent the source.

	Be sure to send all correspondence in e-mail. Postings to netnews 
	will not be seen due to the enormous volume.

	Please don't report known bugs (see the BUGS file(s)) unless you
	are including fixes. :-)

	Mail should be sent to: netbug@ftp.uk.linux.org


Note: please see http://www.hcs.harvard.edu/~dholland/computers/netkit.html
if you are curious why it's been so long since the last NetKit release.
(The short version is that I gave things to some other people, who let
them kind of slide.)

I do not currently plan to continue maintaining NetKit; I am doing this
release and perhaps one or two more, and then I intend to give the source
tree to Red Hat or some similar organization for long-term maintenance.

David A. Holland
12 December 1999
