This is linux-ftpd 0.16 for Linux, a port of the OpenBSD ftp daemon.

This package updates linux-ftpd-0.10.

If you're reading this off a CD, go right away and check the net
archives for later versions and security fixes.

Contents:
	ftpd		Daemon for the ftp protocol.

Requires:
	Working compiler, libc, and kernel.
	Supports shadow passwords. Does not (yet) support PAM.

Installation:
	Do "./configure --help" and decide what options you want. The
	defaults should be suitable for most Linux systems. Then run
	the configure script.

	Do "make" to compile.
	Then (as root) do "make install".

	Save a backup copy of any mission-critical program in case the
	new one doesn't work, and so forth. We warned you.

DEC Alpha:
        Compaq were kind enought to make available their C compiler for
        the Alpha, you can down load this for free from
        http://www.unix.digital.com/linux (At time of document 25/11/1999)
        this package has been compiled and tested with this compiler as
        with the GNU compiler. To compile this from source simply issue
                CC=ccc ./configure
	Compaq C will moan in the following areas.
	support/isexpired.c - if no shadow support
	ftpd/ftpd.c - odd error message about "the unsigned expression "len"
	              is being tested to see if it is greater than zero"
	                 while(cnt > 0 && len > 0)
	              a minor moan that long long is a language extension
                         vremotehost, (long long) size, vpath
                      64-bit pointer "dhostname" is being cast to an integer
	              type that is only 8 bits in size (behavior is undefined)
	                 (char) dhostname);
	              another moan about limits.h and stdarg.h being unused
	The yacc generated file y.tab.c also generates a few moans
	
Restrictions:
	This version does not put ftp users in utmp; the utmp code is
	#if'd out. This means the -U option does not work.

	Keep in mind that the man page has not been completely edited
	for Linux and may refer to a few BSDisms.

Bugs:
	Send bug reports and whatnot to the netkit bug address, not to
	OpenBSD, as the OpenBSD organization doesn't have anything
	official to do with this port. Things will be forwarded if
	necessary.

	Be sure to send all correspondence in e-mail. Postings to netnews 
	will not be seen due to the enormous volume.

	Please don't report known bugs (see the BUGS file(s)) unless you
	are including fixes. :-)

Port information:	
	The source was retrieved from ftp.openbsd.org on 
		Thu Jul 15 19:38:16 EDT 1999

	including the files
		extern.h	ftpcmd.y	ftpd.8		ftpd.c
		logutmp.c	logwtmp.c	pathnames.h	popen.c

	These came from src/libexec/ftpd.

	The support files came from various sources, including
	OpenBSD's libc, NetKit 0.09, and sendmail 8.7.4. (8.7.4
	because it was handy, not for any particular reason.) Others
	were written for this port.

	Mail should be sent to: netbug@ftp.uk.linux.org


Note: please see http://www.hcs.harvard.edu/~dholland/computers/netkit.html
if you are curious why it's been so long since the last NetKit release.
(The short version is that I gave things to some other people, who let
them kind of slide.)

I do not currently plan to continue maintaining NetKit; I am doing this
release and perhaps one or two more, and then I intend to give the source
tree to Red Hat or some similar organization for long-term maintenance.

David A. Holland
12 December 1999
